Gomez now with a side headlock,
a handful of goatee.
MAN, I SURE MISS JULIE.
SPANISH MIDGETS...
SPANISH MIDGETS WRESTLING...
JULIE. OKAY, YES,
I SEE HOW YOU GOT THERE.
( phone ringing )
( ringing )
YOU EVER FIGURE OUT
WHAT THAT THING'S FOR?
I'M TRYING THIS
NEW SCREENING THING.
IF I'M ALWAYS
ANSWERING THE PHONE
PEOPLE THINK I
DON'T HAVE A LIFE.
MY GOD, RODRIGO
NEVER GETS PINNED.
Joey:
Here comes the beep.
You know what to do.
( beeps )
Woman:
Hello. I'm looking for Bob.
This is Jade.
I don't know
if you're still at this number
but I was just thinking about us
and how great it was
and I know it's been three years
but I was kind of hoping we
could hook up again, you know?
I barely had the nerve
to make this call
so you know what I did?
WHAT?
I got a little drunk...
and naked.
BOB HERE.
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ AND IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO FALL ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
SO, UH...
WHAT HAVE YOU BEEN UP TO?
Oh, you know, the usual:
teaching aerobics
partying way too much.
( laughing ):
Oh, and in case
you were wondering
those are my legs
on the new James Bond poster.
CAN YOU HOLD ON A MOMENT?
I HAVE ANOTHER CALL.
I LOVE HER.
I KNOW.
I'M BACK.
So are we going
to get together or what?
UM, ABSOLUTELY.
UH, HOW ABOUT
TOMORROW AFTERNOON?
YOU KNOW CENTRAL PERK
IN THE VILLAGE, SAY FIVE-ISH?
Great. I'll see you then.
OKAY.
HAVING A PHONE
HAS FINALLY PAID OFF.
OKAY, EVEN THOUGH YOU DO
DO A GOOD BOB IMPRESSION
I'M THINKING WHEN
SHE SEES YOU TOMORROW
SHE'S PROBABLY GOING TO REALIZE,
"HEY, YOU'RE NOT BOB."
I AM HOPING
THAT WHEN BOB
DOESN'T SHOW UP,
SHE WILL SEEK COMFORT
IN THE OPEN ARMS
OF THE WRY STRANGER
AT THE NEXT TABLE.
OH, MY GOD.
YOU ARE PURE EVIL.
OKAY, PURE EVIL.
HORNY AND ALONE.
I'VE DONE THIS.
Ross:
I'M AT MONICA'S.
YEAH, YEAH,
EVERYBODY'S HERE.
HEY, EVERYBODY, SAY HI
TO JULIE IN NEW MEXICO.
HI.
HI, JULIE.
( sarcastically ):
WHAT?
WHILE ROSS IS ON THE PHONE
EVERYBODY OWES ME 62 BUCKS
FOR HIS BIRTHDAY.
UM...
IS THERE ANY CHANCE
THAT YOU'RE ROUNDING UP?
YOU KNOW, LIKE FROM, LIKE, 20?
WE GOT THE GIFT,
THE CONCERT AND THE CAKE.
DO WE NEED A CAKE?
I KNOW IT'S A LITTLE STEEP.
YEAH, WHOOSH!
BUT IT'S ROSS.
YEAH.
ALL RIGHT.
ALL RIGHT? OKAY.
I'LL SEE YOU GUYS LATER.
I GOT TO GO... DO A THING.
OKAY, SWEETHEART
I'LL CALL YOU
LATER TONIGHT.
YOU'RE NOT REALLY
GOING TO GO THROUGH
WITH THIS, ARE YOU?
YOU KNOW,
I THINK I MIGHT JUST.
SO, UH, WHAT ARE YOU GUYS
DOING FOR DINNER TONIGHT?
WELL, I GUESS
I GOT TO START SAVING UP
FOR ROSS' BIRTHDAY
SO I GUESS I'LL JUST STAY HOME
AND EAT DUST BUNNIES.
CAN YOU BELIEVE HOW MUCH
THIS IS GOING TO COST?
DO YOU GUYS EVER GET THE FEELING
THAT, UM...
CHANDLER AND THOSE GUYS
JUST DON'T GET
THAT WE DON'T MAKE
AS MUCH MONEY AS THEY DO?
YES, YEAH.
YES.
THEY'RE ALWAYS SAYING,
"LET'S GO HERE. LET'S GO THERE."
LIKE WE CAN AFFORD TO GO
HERE AND THERE.
YES, YES, AND WE ALWAYS HAVE
TO GO SOMEPLACE NICE, YOU KNOW?
GOD, AND IT'S NOT LIKE
WE CAN SAY ANYTHING ABOUT IT
'CAUSE, LIKE, THIS IS
A BIRTHDAY THING, YOU KNOW
AND IT'S FOR ROSS.
FOR ROSS.
ROSS' BIRTHDAY.
ROSS.
OH, MY GOD.
HI.
WHAT?
OKAY, I'M AT WORK.
IT'S AN ORDINARY DAY--
YOU KNOW, CHOP, CHOP, CHOP,
SAUTE, SAUTE, SAUTE.
SUDDENLY, LEON, THE MANAGER,
CALLS ME INTO HIS OFFICE.
THEY FIRED THE HEAD LUNCH CHEF,
AND GUESS WHO GOT THE JOB?
IF IT'S NOT YOU, THIS
IS A HORRIBLE STORY.
FORTUNATELY IT IS ME,
AND THEY MADE ME
HEAD OF PURCHASING,
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
OH, THAT'S SO COOL.
I RAN INTO CHANDLER AND ROSS.
THEY THINK WE SHOULD GO
CELEBRATE, SOMEPLACE NICE.
OH.
YEAH, SOMEPLACE NICE.
YEAH.
HOW MUCH YOU THINK
I CAN GET FOR MY KIDNEY?
Ross:
I'M TELLING YOU.
YOU CAN'T DO THIS.
I CAN NEVER GET
A GIRL LIKE THAT
WITH CONVENTIONAL METHODS.
THAT DOESN'T MATTER.
SHE WANTED TO CALL BOB.
HEY, FOR ALL WE KNOW
BOB IS WHO SHE WAS
MEANT TO BE WITH.
YOU MAY BE DESTROYING TWO
PEOPLE'S CHANCE FOR HAPPINESS.
WE DON'T KNOW BOB.
OKAY? WE KNOW ME.
WE LIKE ME.
PLEASE LET ME BE HAPPY.
GO OVER THERE AND TELL
THAT WOMAN THE TRUTH.
ALL RIGHT.
GO.
HI.
( clearing throat )
LISTEN, I HAVE TO, UM...
I HAVE TO-- I HAVE
TO CONFESS SOMETHING.
YES?
WHOEVER STOOD
YOU UP IS A JERK.
HOW DID YOU..?
I DON'T KNOW.
I JUST HAD
THIS WEIRD SENSE.
BUT THAT'S ME.
I'M WEIRD AND SENSITIVE.
TISSUE?
( sniffles ):
THANKS.
NO, YOU KEEP THE PACK.
I'M ALL CRIED OUT TODAY.
( laughs )
( tapping glass )
( clearing throat )
OKAY, OKAY.
OH.
HERE IS TO MY SISTER
THE NEWLY APPOINTED
HEAD LUNCH CHEF.
ALSO IN CHARGE
OF PURCHASING.
NEWLY APPOINTED HEAD LUNCH CHEF
ALSO IN CHARGE OF PURCHASING.
WHO HAS HER OWN DESK
WHEN ROLAND'S NOT THERE.
UH, LUNCH CHEF, PURCHASING
HER OWN DESK
WHEN ROLAND'S NOT THERE.
HERE'S TO MY LITTLE SISTER...
AND I GOT A BEEPER.
OH, COOL.
LET'S SEE.
THAT'S FINE.
I'LL JUST WAIT.
OH, SORRY.
Joey:
SORRY, SORRY.
MONICA.
( all toasting )
CHEERS.
ARE WE READY
TO ORDER?
WE HAVEN'T EVEN LOOKED YET.
WHEN YOU DO, LET ME KNOW.
I'LL BE OVER THERE
ON THE EDGE OF MY SEAT.
WOW. LOOK AT
THESE PRICES.
YEAH. THESE ARE
PRETTY CHA-CHING.
I KNOW.
WHAT ARE THESE--
LIKE FAMOUS CHICKENS?
HEY, SORRY I'M LATE.
CONGRATULATIONS, MON.
THANKS.
I'M NOT SORRY I'M LATE.
HOW INCREDIBLE WAS
MY AFTERNOON WITH JADE?
PRETTY INCREDIBLE
ACCORDING TO THE MESSAGE
SHE LEFT ON MY MACHINE.
HEY, CHANDLER,
WHY IS THIS WOMAN
LEAVING A MESSAGE FOR YOU
ON MY MACHINE?
I HAD TO TELL HER
MY NUMBER WAS YOUR NUMBER
BECAUSE I COULDN'T
TELL HER
THAT MY NUMBER
WAS MY NUMBER
BECAUSE SHE THINKS
THAT MY NUMBER
IS BOB'S NUMBER.
HEY, TELL ME AGAIN.
WHAT DO I DO
WHEN MR. ROPER CALLS?
DO I DARE ASK?
YES, I'LL START
WITH THE CARPACCIO.
THEN I'LL HAVE
THE GRILLED PRAWNS.
GREAT, SAME FOR ME.
AND FOR THE GENTLEMAN?
YEAH, I'LL HAVE
THE THAI CHICKEN PIZZA.
HEY, LOOK, IF I GET IT
WITHOUT THE NUTS
AND LEEKS AND STUFF,
IS IT CHEAPER?
YOU'D THINK, WOULDN'T YOU?
MISS?
OKAY. I WILL HAVE THE, UH...
( whispering ):
SIDE SALAD.
AND WHAT WOULD THAT BE
ON THE SIDE OF?
I DON'T KNOW.
WHY DON'T YOU JUST PUT IT
RIGHT HERE NEXT TO MY WATER.
OKAY.
AND FOR YOU?
UM...
I'M GOING TO HAVE A CUP
OF THE CUCUMBER SOUP
AND, UM...
TAKE CARE.
I WILL HAVE THE CAJUN CATFISH.
ANYTHING ELSE?
HOW ABOUT A VERSE
OF "KILLING ME SOFTLY"?
YOU'RE GOING TO SNEEZE
IN MY FISH, AREN'T YOU?
( crunching )
Ross:
PLUS TIP, DIVIDED BY SIX...
OKAY, EVERYONE OWES 28 BUCKS.
Chandler:
OKAY.
WHAT, UM, EVERYONE?
OH.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
I'M SORRY.
THANK YOU.
MONICA SHOULDN'T PAY.
OH...
THANK YOU.
Ross:
SO FIVE OF US IS...
$33.50 APIECE.
NO. HUH-UH, NO WAY.
NOT GOING TO HAPPEN.
WHOA, WHOA,
PROM NIGHT FLASHBACK.
I'M SORRY, MONICA.
I'M REALLY HAPPY
YOU GOT PROMOTED
BUT COLD CUCUMBER MUSH
FOR THIRTY-SOMETHING BUCKS?
NO!
RACHEL JUST HAD
THAT LITTLE SALAD
AND JOEY WITH HIS,
LIKE, TEENY PIZZA!
IT'S JUST...
OKAY, PHEEBS. SHH. SHH.
HOW ABOUT WE'LL EACH JUST PAY
FOR WHAT WE HAD, OKAY?
IT'S NO BIG DEAL.
NOT FOR YOU.
ALL RIGHT, WHAT'S GOING ON?
I REALLY DON'T WANT
TO GET INTO THIS RIGHT NOW.
IT'LL JUST MAKE
EVERYBODY UNCOMFORTABLE.
ALL RIGHT, FINE. FINE.
WHOA, WHOA.
YOU CAN TELL US.
HELLO, IT'S US.
WE'LL BE FINE.
YEAH.
( crunching )
OKAY, UH...
UH, WE THREE
FEEL LIKE THAT, UH...
SOMETIMES YOU GUYS
DON'T GET THAT, UH...
( clearing throat )
WE DON'T HAVE
AS MUCH MONEY AS YOU.
OKAY.
I HEAR YOU.
WE CAN TALK ABOUT THAT.
WELL, THEN...
LET'S.
WELL, UM, I-I GUESS
I JUST NEVER THINK
OF MONEY AS AN ISSUE.
THAT'S 'CAUSE YOU HAVE IT.
THAT'S A GOOD POINT.
MMM...
SO, UM, HOW COME YOU GUYS
HAVEN'T TALKED
ABOUT THIS BEFORE?
'CAUSE IT'S ALWAYS
SOMETHING, YOU KNOW?
LIKE WITH MONICA'S
NEW JOB
OR ROSS'S
BIRTHDAY HOOPLA.
Ross:
WH-WHA..?
WHOA! HEY! I DON'T WANT
MY BIRTHDAY TO BE THE SOURCE
OF ANY KIND OF NEGATIVE...
THERE'S GOING TO BE A HOOPLA?
BASICALLY,
THERE'S THE THING
AND THEN THERE'S THE STUFF
AFTER THE THING.
IF IT MAKES ANYBODY
FEEL BETTER
THEN WE CAN JUST
FORGET THE THING
AND WE'LL JUST DO
THE GIFT.
G-GIFT? THE THING'S
NOT THE GIFT?
NO, THE THING WAS WE WERE GOING
TO SEE HOOTIE AND THE BLOWFISH.
HOOTIE AND... OH, MY!
I-I CAN CATCH THEM
ON THE RADIO.
OH, NO, NOW I FEEL BAD.
YOU WANT TO GO
TO THE CONCERT.
NO! LOOK, HEY, IT'S MY BIRTHDAY
AND THE IMPORTANT THING
IS THAT WE ALL BE TOGETHER.
ALL OF US.
TOGETHER.
NOT AT THE CONCERT.
OKAY.
YEAH.
THANK YOU.
THANKS.
YEAH.
SO, THE EBOLA VIRUS--
THAT'S GOT TO SUCK, HUH?
WHAT'S IN THE BAG?
I DON'T KNOW, CHANDLER.
LET'S TAKE A LOOK.
UH, IT'S LIKE A SKIT.
WHY, IT'S DINNER FOR SIX--
FIVE STEAKS
AND AN EGGPLANT FOR PHOEBE.
HOO.
COOL.
WE SWITCHED MEAT SUPPLIERS
AT WORK
AND THE NEW GUYS GAVE ME
THE STEAKS.
BUT, WAIT,
THERE'S MORE.
HEY, CHANDLER, WHAT
IS IN THAT ENVELOPE?
BY THE WAY, THIS DIDN'T SEEM
SO DORKY OUT IN THE HALL.
COME ON.
WHY, IT'S SIX TICKETS
TO HOOTIE AND THE BLOWFISH.
THE BLOWFISH.
IT'S ON US, ALL RIGHT?
SO, DON'T WORRY--
THIS IS... OUR TREAT.
SO... THANK YOU.
COULD YOU BE
LESS ENTHUSED?
LOOK, IT'S A NICE GESTURE.
IT IS, BUT IT
JUST FEELS LIKE...
LIKE?
CHARITY.
CHARITY?
WE'RE JUST TRYING TO DO
A NICE THING HERE.
YEAH, BUT ROSS,
YOU HAVE TO UNDERSTAND
YOUR NICE THING
MAKES US FEEL ABOUT THIS BIG.
ACTUALLY, IT MAKES US
FEEL THAT BIG.
WHAT? I DON'T...
I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
I MEAN, YOU..
IT'S LIKE WE CAN'T
WIN WITH YOU GUYS.
YEAH, I MEAN,
IF YOU GUYS FEEL THIS BIG
MAYBE THAT'S NOT OUR FAULT.
MAYBE THAT'S JUST...
HOW YOU FEEL.
OH... NOW YOU'RE TELLING US
HOW WE FEEL.
OKAY, WE NEVER SHOULD
HAVE TALKED ABOUT THIS.
ALL RIGHT, I'M GOING
TO PASS ON THE CONCERT
'CAUSE I'M JUST NOT IN
A VERY HOOTIE PLACE RIGHT NOW.
ME NEITHER.
ME TOO.
GUYS, WE BOUGHT THE TICKETS.
THEN YOU'LL HAVE EXTRA SEATS,
YOU KNOW
FOR ALL YOUR TIARAS AND STUFF.
WHY DID YOU LOOK AT ME
WHEN YOU SAID THAT?
SO, I GUESS
NOW WE CAN'T GO.
COME ON, YOU CAN DO
WHAT YOU WANT TO DO.
WE ALWAYS HAVE TO DO
EVERYTHING TOGETHER?
YOU KNOW WHAT?
YOU'RE RIGHT.
FINE.
FINE!
ALL RIGHT.
WE'RE GOING TO GO.
IT'S NOT FOR ANOTHER SIX HOURS.
WE'RE GOING TO GO THEN.
CHANDLER.
YEAH?
OH, GEEZ... OH...
ARE YOU READY?
YES. LET ME GRAB
MY JACKET AND TELL YOU
I HAD SEX TODAY.
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA.
WHAT? YOU... YOU
HAD SEX TODAY?
WOW, IT SOUNDS EVEN COOLER
WHEN SOMEBODY ELSE SAYS IT.
I WAS AWESOME, OKAY?
SHE WAS BITING HER LIP
TO STOP FROM SCREAMING.
W-WOW.
IT'S BEEN A WHILE,
BUT I TOOK THAT AS A GOOD SIGN.
( phone ringing )
STILL DOING THE
SCREENING THING?
I HAD SEX TODAY.
I NEVER HAVE TO ANSWER
THAT PHONE AGAIN.
Joey:
Here comes the beep.
You know what to do.
( beeping )
Hey, Bob, it's Jade.
I just wanted to tell you
that I was really hurt
when you didn't show up
the other day
and, just so you know,
I ended up meeting a guy.
BOB HERE.
Oh, hi.
SO, UH, YOU MET SOMEONE, HUH?
Yes. Yes, I did.
In fact, I had sex with him
two hours ago.
SO, UH...
HOW WAS HE?
Eh.
"EH?"
Oh, Bob, he was nothing
compared to you.
I thought about you
the whole time.
I had to bite my lip to keep
from screaming your name.
WELL, THAT MAKES ME FEEL
SO GOOD.
It was just so awkward
and bumpy.
( no audio )
WELL, MAYBE HE HAD SOME KIND
OF NEW, UH, COOL STYLE
THAT YOU'RE
NOT FAMILIAR WITH
AND MAYBE YOU HAVE
TO GET USED TO IT.
There really wasn't
much time to get used to it
if you know what I mean.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'M NOT GOING
TO BE ABLE TO ENJOY THIS.
YEAH, I KNOW.
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY.
WE ALL SHOULD BE HERE.
SO, LET'S GO.
WELL, MAYBE WE SHOULD STAY
FOR ONE SONG.
YEAH. I MEAN,
IT'D BE RUDE TO THEM
FOR US TO LEAVE NOW.
THE GUYS ARE
PROBABLY HAVING
A GREAT TIME.
COME ON, YOU GUYS,
ONE MORE TIME.
OKAY.
ONE.
NO.
THAT WAS AMAZING!
EXCELLENT!
I CAN'T BELIEVE
THE GUYS MISSED THAT.
WHAT GUYS?
OH, YEAH.
EXCUSE ME.
YOU'RE MONICA GELLER,
AREN'T YOU?
DO I KNOW YOU?
YOU USED TO BE
MY BABY-SITTER.
OH, MY GOD,
LITTLE STEVIE FISHER?
HOW HAVE YOU BEEN?
GOOD. GOOD.
I'M A LAWYER NOW.
YOU CAN'T BE A LAWYER.
YOU'RE EIGHT.
WELL, LISTEN, IT
WAS NICE TO SEE YOU.
I GOT TO RUN BACKSTAGE.
WAIT. BACKSTAGE?
YEAH. MY FIRM
REPRESENTS THE BAND.
ROSS.
CHANDLER.
HOW ARE YOU?
WANT TO MEET THE GROUP?
YEAH, WE DO.
COME ON.
ARE YOU ONE OF THE ONES
THAT FOOLED AROUND
WITH MY DAD?
HEY, YOU GUYS.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY.
OH, THANK YOU.
THANKS.
SO, UH... HOW WAS
YOUR NIGHT LAST NIGHT?
WELL, IT PRETTY MUCH SUCKED.
HOW WAS YOURS?
OURS PRETTY MUCH
SUCKED TOO.
BUT I DID RUN INTO
LITTLE STEVIE FISHER.
REMEMBER HIM?
OH, YEAH.
I USED TO BABY-SIT HIM.
HEY, HOW'S HIS DAD?
GOOD.
ASIDE FROM THAT
THE WHOLE EVENING
WAS A BUST.
YEAH, WE... WE REALLY
MISSED YOU GUYS.
YEAH, LOOK, UH...
WE WERE JUST SAYING
THIS WHOLE THING
IS SO STUPID.
WE JUST HAVE TO REALLY, REALLY,
REALLY NOT LET STUFF LIKE THIS
ABOUT MONEY GET, LIKE...
IS THAT A HICKEY?
OH, NO, I JUST... I FELL DOWN.
ON SOMEONE'S LIPS?
WHERE'D YOU GET
THE HICKEY?
YOU KNOW, A PARTY OR...
WHAT PARTY?
WELL, IT WASN'T A PARTY
SO MUCH AS A... A GATHERING
OF PEOPLE...
...WITH FOOD AND MUSIC
AND... AND... AND THE BAND.
YOU PARTIED WITH HOOTIE
AND THE BLOWFISH?
YES, APPARENTLY, STEVIE
AND HOOTIE ARE LIKE THIS.
WHO GAVE YOU THAT HICKEY?
THAT WOULD BE THE WORK
OF A BLOWFISH.
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT.
I CAN'T BELIEVE THIS.
WE'RE JUST, LIKE,
SITTING AT HOME
JUST TRYING TO GUESS
JOEY'S FINGERS, AND...
AND YOU GUYS ARE OUT
LIKE, PARTYING
AND HAVING FUN
AND, YOU KNOW, ALL "HEY,
BLOWFISH, SUCK ON MY NECK."
LOOK, DON'T BLAME US.
YOU GUYS COULD
HAVE BEEN THERE.
OH, WHAT?
AS PART OF YOUR
POOR FRIENDS
OUTREACH PROGRAM?
( beeping )
GREAT. IT'S WORK.
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT TO SAY.
I'M SORRY WE MAKE
MORE MONEY THAN YOU
BUT WE'RE NOT GOING
TO FEEL GUILTY ABOUT IT.
WE WORK REALLY
HARD FOR IT.
AND WE DON'T WORK HARD?
YEAH, HI. IT'S MONICA.
SOMETIMES WE LIKE
TO DO STUFF
THAT COSTS A LITTLE MORE.
OH, AND YOU FEEL LIKE
WE HOLD YOU BACK?
YES.
( Rachel gasping )
NO.
( all chattering )
LEON, LEON, WAIT.
SHH, GUYS.
I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
THOSE STEAKS WERE JUST A GIFT
FROM THE MEAT VENDOR.
THAT WAS NOT A KICK-BACK.
I MEAN,
I'LL JUST REPLACE THEM
AND WE CAN FORGET
THE WHOLE THING.
WHAT CORPORATE POLICY?
NO...
YEAH.
OKAY.
I JUST GOT FIRED.
OH!
OH.
WHY?
LET ME GET THAT.
YOU GOT FIVE BUCKS?
( ringing )
Joey:
Here comes the beep.
You know what to do.
( beeping )
Jade:
Hi. It's me.
Listen, Bob, I'm... I'm
probably way out of line here.
I mean, it has been three years
and you're probably seeing
someone else now
but if we could just have
one night together
just for old time's sake--
one hot, steamy, wild night.